WIP/Feature Requests:

1- Option to delete the contents of the TVshowlist, shows, and Movies tables so they can be populated with fresh date. This will be used in future when we add columns or support for currently unsupported characters. -- Done. Incorported automatically into updatedb script.

1a- Add reset that drops tables mentioned in #1 and rebuilds them with current setup. This will be used in future when we add columns or support for currently unsupported characters. -- Done. setup_system.py can rebuild the tables, if that becomes necessary.

1b- Backup contents of shows/Movies tables. -- Done, pending next release. 

1c- Restore from backup shows/Movies tables. --Done, pending next release.

2- Rearrange Block. This is a minor request that will be done at some point. -- Added

3- Make sure the Random TV playback mode actually works. -- Confirmed

4- Make the spell checking "titlecheck" function smarter. 

5- Improve the setup script so it automatically backups files and downloads latest versions. 

6- Replace item in block. -- Added

7- Updated explainblock feature to list next up show/movie for an active block. -- Added

8- Added Mini-Marathon(minithon in the commands) playmode. This mode will play a specific show back to back x number of times before reverting to normal play mode. The default number of plays is 3. This can be changed using "setminithonmax numberhere". The current settings is viewed with "showminithonmax". Example of how to enable- setplaymode "minithon.Brooklyn Nine-Nine" -- Added

9- Changed setplaymode command so you no longer need to specify block. when enabling a block package. --Added

10- Changed various functions so you no longer need to specify "movie." when referring to a movie. When two idential options are presented, you will be prompted for which you mean. You can still use "movie." to get around this. --Added.

11- Changed the worklist function. You can jump to a letter by entering 'letter.x' where x is the desired letter. There is a help splash that details how to use the desc option to view a description of the corresponding item. You can also use setupnext and queueadd by name or number in these lists. -- Added.

12- Added options to suggest movies/shows by genre (genre.), rating (rating.), actor (actor.), and duration (duration.). Note: some of these are options only currently work with movies or shows. - Added

13- when using querry mode to add a block, you can now use "listshows genre" or "listmovies genre" to be given a list of corresponding items. You can then select an item that is returned as the item to add. -- Added. 

14- Added favorites mode. This mode restricts the suggestmovie/suggesttv and automated selections to pick from items you have designated as favorites. Includes enablefavoritesmode, disablefavoritesmode and checkmode commands for this option. Need to specify "shows" or "movies" when using. - Added 

15- moviechoice - similar to the suggestmovie feature, only this option will present 3 movies of the requested genre., rating., or actor.. If an option is not found, or there are less than 3 available, an error is returned, else, you can select one of the returned items to add to the queue, or use any of the worklist shortcuts for the returned list. -- Added.

16- Kidsmode - This mode restricts the playback options to movies/shows in the G/TV-G type ratings. Playback will error if you try to manually play something not kids approprate. resumeplayback is disabled. You can add approved and rejected exceptions for kids mode as well. -- Added.

17- resume mode - when on, this mode sets playback to resume content from where you previously left off instead of from the beginning.
checked with: resumestatus
changed with: setresumestatus on/off
-- Done, testing for closure.

18- commercials and prerolls- 
commercials and prerolls can be added as items in a block using playcommercial and playpreroll. Note: separate home video librarys are needed to use this options. Special characters in names may cause problems, so titles should be checked before adding. Any video of any length can be used, though shorter videos are recommended as there is no easy way to interupt a playing commercial or preroll. Keep that in mind. 
specific commercials and prerolls can be specified by adding "playpreroll." or "playcommercial." before the item title. 
you can also have commercials play inbetween content. This is enabled and disabled with:
enablecommercials
disablecommercials
There is also a commercial break option. The default number of commercials is 2. In the future you will be able to change this defualt. To prevent extended commercial breaks, if a commercial runs longer than 1 minute the next commercial is skipped. 
The command to trigger a commercial break is: commercialbreak
-- Done, testing, pending close. 
